# Website Mockup

Before you begin development on your website, you will create an initial
"mock-up". This is a primitive representation of how each page will look. You
may use Photoshop (or Gimp, or any graphics editing program), use a mockup tool
(there are several available online such as Balsamiq and moqups), or simply draw
it by hand. This assignment is about capturing the initial design on paper.

Your site will have multiple pages, and your mock-up should have one site-page
per piece-of-paper. It is likely that your design will evolve over the course of
development and that is okay. Be flexible. Research other sites for inspiration.
This is merely your starting point, a prototype.

## Learning Objectives

* Apply design principles to create a well-designed website mockup.
* Recognize the importance of website design before developing a product.

## Mock-up Requirements

### Heirarchy

One page of your design should be dedicated to describing the website hierarchy.
It should be a collection of pages as "nodes" connected with links, with the
homepage as the root.

### Navigation

Each page should have consistent navigation. It can be vertical, horizontal,
contain submenus, etc. Make it easy for the user to know where they are. It's
easy to get lost in a website, so make it obvious to the user which page they
are on. This can be done by highlighting the current navigation link, adding
titles to the top of the page, using breadcrumb links, or some other visual cue
or combination.

### Color
Color is optional at this point, as it is trivial to change at any time. But
feel free to choose a preliminary color scheme.

### Logo
Your website will need a logo graphic. This should go near the top of the page
(usually the top left, middle, or right). Feel free to just draw it for now.
This should be on every page in the same spot.

### Form Inputs
Decide where form elements will go (text boxes, drop down menus, checkboxes,
radio buttons, submit buttons, etc). Interaction with the webpage should be easy
and consistent. If the user inputs bad data, how will you tell them?

### Identify Classes of Users
If your website will support different types of users (admin, employees,
managers, etc) make it clear on the mockup.

### Images
Images make sites interesting. Decide where they will go, and approximately what
they will be.

### Content
"Content is king." -Bill Gates. People come to your website for the content.
Make it prominent.Group things together. Don't force users to hunt for
information, and make actions obvious. Similar links should be grouped together,
as should form inputs.

### Footer
Your website must have a footer. This is typically where copyright information
and perhaps additional useful links are placed.

## Examples
If you Google "Website Mockup Examples", several examples will come up.
